DOCS-5098 APM Terms and Concepts Edits + Glossary Update (#17586)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/glossary/terms/indexed.md

---
title: indexed
---
Indexed logs are [logs][1] that have been collected, processed, and retained for analysis, alerting, and troubleshooting.

Indexed spans represent [spans][2] indexed by a [retention filter][3] stored in Datadog for 15 days that can be used to search, query, and monitor in [Search Spans][4] by the [tags][5] included on the span.

<div class="alert alert-info">
Creating <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/apm/traces/retention-filters">tag-based retention filters</a> after ingestion allows you to control and visualize exactly how many spans are being indexed per service.
</div>

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/span_tag.png" alt="span tag" style="width:80%" >}}

In this example, the requests (`merchant.store_name` and `merchant.tier`) have been added as tags to the span.

> To get started with tagging spans in your application, see the [following documentation][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with tagging spans in your application, see the [Adding span tags][6] guide.
```
